Split cast how-to guides into per-platform guides (#776)
THEOplayer/documentation: theoplayer/how-to-guides/shared/cast/_airplay-introduction-enable.mdx

AirPlay is a THEOplayer feature.
Ensure that the `airplay` feature is enabled when you build a THEOplayer SDK through the [THEOplayer Developer Platform](https://portal.theoplayer.com/),
as demonstrated by the screenshot below.

> Alternative, when someone shares the THEOplayer SDK with you, confirm that they enabled the `airplay` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you are using a THEOplayer SDK from npm, make sure that the package flavor you picked has the `airplay` feature in it.
```

Author: Enabling/disabling features in an custom build is only a thing for the Web SDK. We shouldn't even be talking about that for the Android or iOS SDKs.
